here we have the center piece or portion of the
rabbit hind legs were here fore legs were here
of course head was here and what we're left
with now is the rib section and the loin section
what I'm going to do is separate the two sections
so i'll have the rib and the loin section
ready for further butchery
looking for the last rib
and again feel like you trim whatever you need to see
where you're working and where
you want your knife to go so I'm looking I feel
the last rib I place my knife follow that rib
and then I'm just going to cut through the belly
flap same on this side feeling for the last rib
and cutting through so how do I get these
two pieces separate from one another
i can just bend it switching my knife
to a heavier gauge knife again and
like so, so just bending the spine and
now exposing it and cutting through
like rib section loin section